feat: configure prometheus agent sharding per cluster (#1610)
giantswarm/prometheus-meta-operator: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Add `cluster_control_plane_unhealthy` inhibition.

> - Allow Prometheus Agent Sharding strategy to be configured per cluster instead of per installation.

Reviewer: The per-installation tuning is still possible, right?

```suggestion
- Allow Prometheus Agent Sharding strategy to be overridden per cluster.
```
